Visualization, of course, again, when we realize the foundation of the visualization is always in
the teaching set the confidence. Confidence, when we realize something, when we meditate,
we're not going to linger. I'm not exactly, but I'm going to try. That statement, maybe it's quite
modest state, nice, but that statement is we are manipulated by the ego clinging. That statement
maybe is in the externally way, maybe is modest state, more humble that, but when we come to the
meditation practice, we have to have courage, confidence, and in teaching also mentioned,
you know that, you have a very bright, very bright. We are not relying on the world of duality and
ego
clinging. We are back to our origin status. What that origin state is, is Buddha nature,
Dathangata garba, three kaya status. Three kaya state is our basic nature.
Nature of the mind is already awakened, already enlightened. So now that nature of the mind is
a period of form of or transformed as a gift of singing about all the visualizations.
That visualization meditating is a technique, but actually we are coming back or returning back to
our origin status where we really belongs, belongs to uphold that with confidence,
with the devotions, with excitement, with enthusiasm, with the determinations.
Don't let interfere by the doubt, hesitations, and skeptical thoughts. Then we are undermining
the quality of the practice in meditation. So therefore, keep up that. That well,
if we keep up that, that nature, then truly we become. We are in that status.
See this. So therefore, Vidyalaya in here said, merge one's own Samaya Sattva and the Vasiram Satt
va.